I believe loneliness to be my only flaw, even in such a beautiful world. This world, so vast and covered in millions of souls, often proves to be only the home of tears and emptiness and heartache. I believe this earth is only conjured by each individual in their own mind- what they see and feel and understand. While my world is left equally to my own imagination and perception of reality, I find it difficult to put from my mind that my world has not yet begun to spin. Even so, I see people living all around me, floating on the changing winds so naturally and peacefully. I realize the only person that can soothe my wild mind is myself, but I feel unequipped to do so. It’s as if everyone was born with a beautiful gift, wrapped in simple paper, but inside, sparkling and swirling in stars and dark shades of blue and purple, that is their soul. Without this soul, I feel empty, just a heart and mind working overtime to piece together the wonders of the world, to try to comfort and ease my troubles. With no backbone, I fall apart with a simple breeze, leaving me alone to pick up the pieces, struggling with my clipped wings and silenced mind in solitary.

To be fair, these feelings all began when my father passes away when I was 14. When he died unexpectedly in his sleep while away on a business trip, he took a part of me with him- we were two souls joined by a very tight bond. My heart was shattered. I had lost the one person who knew the real me and loved me just the same. My family fell apart within a year of him passing away. My mother moved out to stay with one of her many boyfriends and spend our social security money. My brother, struggling with his own grief, expressed mostly in the form of anger, tried to step up and take care of his little sister when he was only 16. After losing everything I had grown to know as a child, I was lost, with no one to tuck me in at night or dry my tears. Even today, I feel that that I have lost not only my family but myself as well. I spent my last winter in Brooke Glen Behavioral Hospital after being in a car accident and found to be in need of more than a trip to the emergency room. Terrified, I spent my days there crying in secret and bottling my emotions so that I wouldn’t have to spend any more time there then insurance would pay for. Upon being released, I went to live in my mother’s husband’s house with her and his two kids. I felt more alone than ever, like I was a stray kitten that they were obligated to house and feed.